okay here you go it's called a ball
joint separation tool basically there's
a u-shaped section well I'll take it out
show you there the u-shape section so
you get clear of the rubber on the ball
joint the old pickle fork used to tear
up the rubber when you hammered it in
there and try to do the separation here
there's no hammering up on this top part
you just put that in there and on the
bottom there's a lever that's driven by
this bolt that screws down into the
bottom lever pushes down at one end up
on the other end and that once you've
loosen this nut which I've loosened it
you don't take it all the way out you
loosen it about so you can see you know
quarter inch maybe happen in space there
and then you just crank down on this
bolt and it should pop open let me see
what I can do okay here we go
I'm stage this order what's going to
happen
hey there it is just pops apart pretty
cool wish I had bought this 50 years ago
isn't selling these for a while yeah
you're going to laugh I got this for 14
bucks from Harbor Freight you can pay
about $100 for the same tool from
another company I won't mention the name
of the company now I don't begrudge any
good American Tool Company for making a
profit on their tools but when the
difference is a hundred dollars versus
fourteen then I'll let you guys make up
your mind you know if there's value or
or what you want to do but there you go
worked first time piece of cake I love
this tool